# Homework 3
## Allie McFarland

1. It must contain the functional requirements, which is what the program would do, and the nonfunctional requirements, which are constraits like operating system, speed requirements, availability.
2. An example would be "display is up to a large screen size". This is ambiguous because the word "large" may be different to different people.
3. The student turns in thier homework on a site like cougarview. The teacher gets access to the homework and grades it. They then enter the grade into cougarview and cougarview puts it in the file. Cougarview can then access the grades so the student can view them.
4. The user browses for the items they want and can add them to the cart. From there, they can either continue browsing or they can proceed to checkout. If payment is successful, the purchase is paid for and the program can end.
5. A customer has a first name, last name, address. The customer makes an order which contains one or more products. The order has an order id. The product has a product id and a price.
6. The input is the account name and pin number. The controls are that the user must be authenticated. The mechanisms is that the user can deposit or withdraw cash. The output is the account status.
7. The user can withdraw money which ends with the user having money. The user can also deposit money. When the user put money in, the deposit is successful.
8. In the example, the limit must be a positive integer. The limit must also be either 1000, 2000, or 5000. The balance can be any integer and balance plus limit must be 0 or larger. You initalize it to 0. To withdraw money, you access the balance and your input is a positive integer. The amount must be smaller than or equal to your balance and limit combined. The amount is then subtracted from your balance. To deposit money, you must access the balance and your input must be a positive integer. The amount is added to your balance. The withdrawAvail accesses the balance and outputs a positive integer. It outputs your balance plus your limit. It then subtracts the limit from the balance.