# Homework 3
## Allie McFarland

1. It must contain the functional requirements, which is what the program would do, and the nonfunctional requirements, which are constraits like operating system, speed requirements, availability.
2. An example would be "display is up to a large screen size". This is ambiguous because the word "large" may be different to different people.
3. The student turns in thier homework on a site like cougarview. The teacher gets access to the homework and grades it. They then enter the grade into cougarview and cougarview puts it in the file. Cougarview can then access the grades so the student can view them.
4. The user browses for the items they want and can add them to the cart. From there, they can either continue browsing or they can proceed to checkout. If payment is successful, the purchase is paid for and the program can end.
5. A customer has a first name, last name, and an address. The customer has an order that contains several products. The order has a order id. A product has a product id and a price.
6. The input is the account name and pin. The controls are that the user must provide correct credentials. The mechanisms are that the user can deposit cash or withdraw cash. The output is the account status.
7. The user can withdraw money. Once the user has money, the function is done. The user can also deposit money. Once the user inputs money the output is that the deposit was successful.
8. The limit variable can be any positive integer. The limit must either be 1000, 2000, or 5000. The balance variable can be any integer. The balance, when added to the limit, must be 0 or larger. The credit card is initalized with a balance of 0. To withdraw money, the balance variable will be accessed and the amount must be a positive integer. The amount must be smaller than the balance plus the limit. The amount is then subtraced from the balance. To deposit money, the balance variable will be accessed, and the amount must be a positive integer. The amount is then added on to the amount. The withdrawAvail function accesses the balance and the amount must be a positive integer. The balance plus the limit is outputted as the amount. The limit is then subracted from the balance.